hi you guys into this is JR production X
and I got a review for you guys and
unboxing Allah g2 by t-mobile so let's
get to it I here's the Box side of it on
their side I noticed some recently t
mole has been shipping all their
packages in here in these kind of boxes
kind of style so yeah guys I got this a
late but better late than never first
off here you go here's the phone slide
the help visit the back just set that
away for now and let's check out what we
get in the box let's take off the bottom
real quick okay first off we can pull
this out and you open up the back let me
get some manuals you get a sims card
terms & condition return policy can
start guide and want to ship back your
old phone and Reese like it let's move
this all out the way right here give
that USB cable here is our stereo
headset comes with the cable jack and
forward and I'll go back one also pause
and there's also Mike in there and here
is the charger all right now I'm dialing
phone packages for now take this off I
just love this wish noise that one off
this one by the keyboard and i think
that's it yep that's it as you notice
from first impression first impression
sorry about that now it rises up a
little also let me just slide this still
consider a slider keyboard seems really
nice I'll have more about the phone on
the eve you so I got the back now this
is a metal back adds a little weight to
it but seems 13 like it's not going to
break a button right here they remove
the back plate here's the battery I am
pretty sure this is a 13 100 mil wat ya
1300 middle wat so Larry's not that bad
it's pretty good actually right here you
got your as the micro SD card you
slipped it up and comes up comes with
that a gigabyte class to you can see
right there and then this is where you
put your sim skardon so let's put that
in real quick all right now we got that
in let's put the battery
hopefully this one comes with a charge
in it so I can show you guys some stuff
so you guys first boot up I power
buttons on top still 3.5 mil there 3.5
metre high jack up and down value
buttons this is where you get out hook
it up to your cable nothing on side a
little mic right there a battery release
and this is for your camera button right
here so gonna take cameras ever you want
to take pictures well first of all let's
see if there's a power button right here
in it there we go
usually the first startup is usually the
longest because that's the recognized
out software and find it all on all that
I wasn't too bad okay just saying that
first time oh it's pretty easy to start
up you just a couple screens or
customize your phone so Google here's
google voice quick keys email I'm gonna
set this up later Google location I'm
just click home and here's the home
screen there's seven screens all
together is facebook and twitter there's
a whole bunch of different apps already
pre-installed that you cannot get rid of
unless you rooted skill home screen
here's the menu button check out our
labs as you see it he comes with a whole
bunch of them being installed I don't
really like that too much because I'm
part knocking you can use half of these
and kind of thinks that I cannot go
ahead and delete them let's go to the
menu your home and i'll look forward to
the review i'm having posted in a couple
of weeks and i'm gonna also have some
tips and all tips and tricks and i'm
also going to the winner for the free
app post right here i'm gonna send you a
message so guys subscribe and i'm gonna
have a lot of new videos coming out and
reviews unboxing and giveaways I'm gonna
have a huge one coming up in a month or
two I'm be giving away a couple skin
it's couple I blinks couple headphones a
whole bunch of things so stay tuned and
bye bye